declarativeNetRequest API bug fix (#36668)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/declarativenetrequest/updateenabledrulesets/index.md

Updates the extension's set of static rulesets. The rulesets with IDs listed in `options.disableRulesetIds` are first deactivated, and then the rulesets listed in `options.enableRulesetIds` are activated. Note that the set of enabled static rulesets persists across sessions but not across extension updates, i.e. the [`declarative_net_request.rule_resources` manifest key](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/declarative_net_request) determines the set of enabled static rulesets on each extension update.

> [!NOTE]

> > In Firefox 132 and earlier, static rulesets don't load after a browser restart when there are no registered static or dynamic rules at install time ([Firefox bug 1921353](https://bugzil.la/1921353)). A workaround is to specify an enabled static ruleset in the [`declarative_net_request`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/declarative_net_request) manifest key. The ruleset file can be an empty list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In Firefox 132 and earlier, static rulesets don't load after a browser restart when there are no registered static or dynamic rules at install time ([Firefox bug 1921353](https://bugzil.la/1921353)). A workaround is to make sure that the [`declarative_net_request`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/declarative_net_request) manifest key contains at least one enabled ruleset.
```

I noticed that you rephrased significantly from the original suggestion. Was this intentional ot an accidental copy-paste error from the similar text in the updateDynamicRules method?

Feel free to disregard my suggestion if there is a good reason for deviating.

My reason for the slightly different text is that in this case, the updateEnabledRulesets method is already about static rules. Anyone interested in this method should already have rulesets in their manifest.json file. The only checklist item to cross off is to verify that at least one of these items have "enabled" set to true. That is why I wanted to emphasize the "enabled" part. (The ruleset is also allowed to be an empty list, but I omitted it to keep the text short.)

In contrast, the updateDynamicRules method is independent of static rules. That is why I wanted to mention that a new (static) ruleset should be added there.

Author: @Rob--W Thanks for the explanation - I overlooked that.
